she likes seafood and meat but not eggs
he is allergic to peanuts and does not like soy
he is a fan of beef, meatballs, ground beef, and bison
what is poultry?
there is grilled chicken here
they eat chicken
they prefer ground turkey and pork
they dislike carnitas, ham, and lamb
a dish with some fish, salmon, lox, and shrimp
i love eating crabs, lobster, clams, oysters, and mussels
i usually get squids, octopus, tofu, and tempeh
sometimes i have beans, lentils, and black beans
i buy lentil dal from the supermarket
i love eating chorizo
she dislikes any meal with tomatoes and eggplants
put the mushrooms in the fridge, please
we do not have cilantro, bell pepper, and potato left in the fridge
add some garlic to taste
the onions taste awful
she prefers eating sandwiches and wraps with smoothies
i don't like baked goods
i eat cereals when i am in a rush
i don't drink coffee, it's not good
tea is a better alternative
oatmeal as breakfast has facilitated my morning routine
she has granola in bed
my kids like homemade yogurt
i usually have bowls
i like eating pasta and pizza from the italian restaurant across my place
i do not like salads
i rarely buy burgers, but i still eat them
grab tacos and chips from the mexican restaurant
what are puffs?
i have popcorn for breakfast, i know it is weird
i blend fruits in the blender to make juices
i always have crackers, pretzels, and dried fruits handy
i prepare smoothies for lunch
i eat a lot of veggies to stay healthy
i buy cheese weekly and add it to my meals
food bars as a snack keep me awake when i am working
i love jerky and pickles
i usually eat olives with vinegar
i am allergic to nuts
i always include seeds and trail mix in my meals
one of the most popular dishes is baked goods.
bread is a great option for a healthy snack.
everything tastes better with a little bit of cereals.
everything tastes better with a little bit of nuts.
seeds are a popular choice for many people.
most of the time, i eat meat for breakfast.
have you ever cooked with eggs?
have you ever cooked with rice?
have you ever tried seafood?
most of the time, i eat desserts for breakfast.
eating dips is a great way to stay healthy.
for a healthy option, consider adding dumplings to your diet.
fast food is a great option for a healthy snack.
one of the most popular dishes is noodles.
have you ever cooked with pies?
have you ever tried salads?
most of the time, i eat sandwiches for breakfast.
everything tastes better with a little bit of sauces.
where can you find soups in your local area?
have you ever tasted stews?
where can you find asparagus in your local area?
lomo saltado is a delicious choice for any meal.
biscuits can be used in a variety of recipes.
there are many ways to cook cookies.
eating crackers is a great way to stay healthy.
consider adding ginger snap to your next meal.
many people enjoy eating hardtack for breakfast.
abernethy is a delicious choice for any meal.
there are many ways to cook acıbadem kurabiyesi.
i usually eat afghan biscuits for lunch.
most of the time, i eat alfajor for breakfast.
many people enjoy eating almond biscuit for breakfast.
many people enjoy the taste of lebkuchen.
the best way to cook aachener printen is to grill it.
cornish fairing can be used in a variety of dishes.
speculaas can be used in a variety of dishes.
springerle is a delicious choice for any meal.
kruidnoten is a delicious choice for any meal.
everything tastes better with a little bit of bagel.
everything tastes better with a little bit of bialy.
croissant can be used in a variety of dishes.
many people enjoy eating baguette for breakfast.
many people enjoy eating toast for dinner.
consider adding burrito to your next meal.
everything tastes better with a little bit of cabbage.
for a healthy option, consider adding cabbage roll to your diet.
where can you find cake in your local area?
for a healthy option, consider adding cheesecake to your diet.
the best way to cook chocolate cake is to grill it.
where can you find carrot cake in your local area?
have you ever tasted strawberry cake?
ice cream cake is a popular choice for many people.
have you ever tasted vanilla cake?
for a healthy option, consider adding red velvet cake to your diet.
one of the most popular dishes is cupcake.
many people enjoy eating fudge cake for breakfast.
many people enjoy eating cheese for dinner.
many people enjoy eating mozzarella for breakfast.
where can you find brie in your local area?
many people enjoy eating feta for dinner.
where can you find blue cheese in your local area?
there are many ways to cook parmesan.
many people enjoy the taste of cheese stick.
for a healthy option, consider adding cheesestrings to your diet.
many people enjoy the taste of congee.
donuts can be used in a variety of dishes.
jam is a popular choice for many people.
many people enjoy eating sprinkles for breakfast.
eating donut holes is a great way to stay healthy.
the best way to cook chocolate is to grill it.
krispy kreme is a popular choice for many people.
consider adding arepa to your next meal.
i usually eat fun guo for lunch.
har gow can be used in a variety of dishes.
have you ever tried momo (food)?
there are many ways to cook pierogi.
have you ever tasted wonton?
one of the most popular dishes is fruits.
the best way to cook apple is to grill it.
banana can be used in a variety of dishes.
eating cantaloupe is a great way to stay healthy.
many people enjoy the taste of durian.
there are many ways to cook orange (fruit).
cherry can be used in a variety of dishes.
have you ever tried kiwi?
the best way to cook watermelon is to grill it.
for a healthy option, consider adding avocado to your diet.
apricot is a delicious choice for any meal.
many people enjoy eating pear for breakfast.
many people enjoy eating pineapple for breakfast.
consider adding strawberry to your next meal.
many people enjoy eating blueberry for dinner.
there are many ways to cook raspberry.
one of the most popular dishes is french fries.
there are many ways to cook poutine.
grains is a delicious choice for any meal.
i usually eat cereal for lunch.
the best way to cook corn is to grill it.
popcorn is a popular choice for many people.
rice can be used in a variety of recipes.
ice cream is a great option for a healthy snack.
everything tastes better with a little bit of chocolate.
the best way to cook vanilla is to grill it.
cookies and cream can be used in a variety of dishes.
many people enjoy the taste of mint chocolate.
rocky road is a popular choice for many people.
consider adding biscuit tortoni to your next meal.
the best way to cook blue moon is to grill it.
eating queso is a great way to stay healthy.
eating hokey pokey is a great way to stay healthy.
have you ever tried moose tracks?
many people enjoy eating tiger tail for dinner.
there are many ways to cook superman.
everything tastes better with a little bit of spumoni.
have you ever tried pistachio?
moon mist can be used in a variety of dishes.
have you ever tasted neapolitan?
where can you find mashed potatoes in your local area?
beef is a delicious choice for any meal.
wagyu is a delicious choice for any meal.
consider adding steak to your next meal.
i usually eat pork for lunch.
consider adding bacon to your next meal.
there are many ways to cook ham.
poultry is a great option for a healthy snack.
buffalo wing is a great option for a healthy snack.
i usually eat chicken balls for lunch.
chicken nuggets can be used in a variety of dishes.
there are many ways to cook chicken steak.
eating chicken feet is a great way to stay healthy.
ribs can be used in a variety of dishes.
have you ever cooked with fish?
have you ever cooked with salmon?
many people enjoy the taste of shrimp and prawn.
many people enjoy eating shark for breakfast.
many people enjoy the taste of scrambled eggs.
for a healthy option, consider adding sunny side up to your diet.
omelette is a popular choice for many people.
many people enjoy the taste of boiled eggs.
tea egg can be used in a variety of dishes.
everything tastes better with a little bit of century egg.
iron egg can be used in a variety of dishes.
have you ever tasted smoked eggs?
soy egg is a popular choice for many people.
have you ever tasted chinese red eggs?
milk is a delicious choice for any meal.
there are many ways to cook almond milk.
soy milk can be used in a variety of recipes.
most of the time, i drink cow milk for breakfast.
eating goat milk is a great way to stay healthy.
there are many ways to cook onion rings.
pasta is a popular choice for many people.
there are many ways to cook lasagna.
have you ever tasted linguini?
ravioli is a popular choice for many people.
the best way to cook carbonara is to grill it.
where can you find bolognese in your local area?
where can you find spaghetti in your local area?
spaghetti and meatballs is a delicious choice for any meal.
have you ever tasted pancit canton?
i usually eat fettuccine for lunch.
everything tastes better with a little bit of pudding.
many people enjoy eating pupusa for breakfast.
eating pie is a great way to stay healthy.
many people enjoy eating shepherds pie for dinner.
apple pie is a popular choice for many people.
many people enjoy eating cream pie for breakfast.
many people enjoy eating pumpkin pie for breakfast.
eating key lime pie is a great way to stay healthy.
peach pie is a great option for a healthy snack.
the best way to cook pizza is to grill it.
the best way to cook pepperoni is to grill it.
hawaiian is a delicious choice for any meal.
margherita is a delicious choice for any meal.
one of the most popular dishes is rolls.
have you ever cooked with croquette?
i usually eat egg roll for lunch.
many people enjoy eating spring roll for breakfast.
many people enjoy eating lumpia for breakfast.
have you ever tasted grilled cheese?
there are many ways to cook panini.
consider adding cheeseburgers to your next meal.
many people enjoy eating bacon cheeseburger for dinner.
hamburgers is a delicious choice for any meal.
have you ever tasted chicken burger?
have you ever tried hot dogs?
there are many ways to cook chowder.
clam chowder is a great option for a healthy snack.
i usually eat corn chowder for lunch.
consider adding sinigang to your next meal.
many people enjoy eating sushi for breakfast.
many people enjoy eating stew for breakfast.
the best way to cook taco is to grill it.
have you ever cooked with tamale?
have you ever tasted turnover?
many people enjoy eating jamaican patty for breakfast.
have you ever tried waffle?
many people enjoy eating roti canai for breakfast.
where can you find yogurt in your local area?
have you ever cooked with edible plants?
eating fruit is a great way to stay healthy.
have you ever tasted edible fungi?
where can you find edible mushrooms in your local area?
have you ever tasted mushroom dishes?
edible nuts and seeds can be used in a variety of dishes.
many people enjoy the taste of culinary nuts.
edible seeds are a great option for a healthy snack.
sesame seed dishes can be used in a variety of dishes.
for a healthy option, consider adding edible legumes to your diet.
legume dishes are a great option for a healthy snack.
have you ever tasted tofu dishes?
have you ever tasted meat dishes?
many people enjoy the taste of beef dishes.
chicken dishes can be used in a variety of recipes.
many people enjoy eating domesticated meat animals for breakfast.
one of the most popular dishes is hamburgers.
where can you find hams in your local area?
i usually eat kebabs for lunch.
one of the most popular dishes is pork dishes.
bacon dishes are a delicious choice for any meal.
the best way to cook sausages is to grill them.
many people enjoy the taste of hot dogs.
many people enjoy eating sausage dishes for breakfast.
consider adding rice dishes to your next meal.
there are many ways to cook seafood dishes.
many people enjoy eating cod dishes for breakfast.
most of the time, i eat herring dishes for breakfast.
everything tastes better with a little bit of raw fish dishes.
seafood dishes are a popular choice for many people.
have you ever tried edible seaweed?
have you ever tasted fried dough foods?
one of the most popular dishes is doughnut varieties.
many people enjoy eating maize dishes for breakfast.
one of the most popular dishes is staple foods.
there are many ways to cook maize.
most of the time, i eat barley grains for breakfast.
appetizers are a delicious choice for any meal.
condiments can be used in a variety of dishes.
syrups are a popular choice for many people.
many people enjoy eating confectionery for dinner.
have you ever tried confectionery brands?
chocolate bar can be used in a variety of dishes.
one of the most popular dishes is candy.
chocolate is a delicious choice for any meal.
one of the most popular dishes is convenience foods.
have you ever tried dessert-related lists?
i usually eat paste for lunch.
spread can be used in a variety of recipes.
many people enjoy eating dried foods for breakfast.
where can you find dumplings in your local area?
have you ever tasted fast food?
baked goods can be used in a variety of recipes.
everything tastes better with a little bit of twice-baked.
one of the most popular dishes is casseroles.
have you ever tasted deep-fried?
smoked is a great option for a healthy snack.
steamed is a great option for a healthy snack.
have you ever tried dried?
everything tastes better with a little bit of fermented.
many people enjoy the taste of soy products.
the best way to cook food pastes is to grill them.
many people enjoy the taste of garnishes.
for a healthy option, consider adding gravies to your diet.
have you ever tried instant?
have you ever cooked with pickles?
most of the time, i eat roll for breakfast.
have you ever tried sauces?
consider adding dessert sauces to your next meal.
there are many ways to cook fish sauces.
for a healthy option, consider adding hot sauces to your diet.
i usually eat instant sauces for lunch.
spreads are a delicious choice for any meal.
stuffed dishes are a popular choice for many people.
eating almond is a great way to stay healthy.
the best way to cook buns is to grill them.
have you ever tried flatbreads?
most of the time, i eat quick breads for breakfast.
many people enjoy eating sourdough breads for dinner.
most of the time, i eat sweet breads for breakfast.
have you ever tasted buckwheat?
where can you find crackers in your local area?
have you ever tried fried dough?
have you ever tried legume?
many people enjoy eating chickpea for breakfast.
have you ever tried peanut?
maize can be used in a variety of recipes.
most of the time, i eat noodles for breakfast.
have you ever tried fried noodle dishes?
where can you find ramen in your local area?
for a healthy option, consider adding pancakes to your diet.
most of the time, i eat pasta dishes for breakfast.
rice can be used in a variety of dishes.
have you ever tried fried rice?
have you ever cooked with rice cakes?
the best way to cook rice pudding is to grill it.
have you ever tried rice and beans?
the best way to cook sesame seed is to grill it.
toast can be used in a variety of dishes.
the best way to cook butter dishes is to grill them.
where can you find cheese dishes in your local area?
have you ever tasted fondues?
eating cheeses is a great way to stay healthy.
i usually eat brined for lunch.
where can you find yogurt in your local area?
where can you find apple in your local area?
everything tastes better with a little bit of avocado.
one of the most popular dishes is banana.
broccoli is a great option for a healthy snack.
have you ever cooked with cabbage?
carrot is a delicious choice for any meal.
there are many ways to cook cassava.
have you ever tasted cherry?
everything tastes better with a little bit of eggplant.
garlic is a delicious choice for any meal.
one of the most popular dishes is grape.
have you ever tried lemon?
melon is a popular choice for many people.
one of the most popular dishes is onion.
the best way to cook plum is to grill it.
many people enjoy the taste of potato.
have you ever cooked with french fries?
one of the most popular dishes is salads.
many people enjoy eating arab for breakfast.
for a healthy option, consider adding thai to your diet.
i usually eat soy-based for lunch.
have you ever cooked with squash and pumpkin?
cereals are my lazy dinner.
there are many ways to cook strawberries.
i usually eat sweet potato for lunch.
for a healthy option, consider adding tofu to your diet.
tomato is a popular choice for many people.
clam is a delicious choice for any meal.
consider adding cod to your next meal.
have you ever tried crab?
one of the most popular dishes is fish head.
i usually eat fish stews for lunch.
many people enjoy eating fried fish for breakfast.
have you ever cooked with herring?
there are many ways to cook raw fish.
have you ever tasted salmon?
shrimp can be used in a variety of recipes.
many people enjoy eating sushi and sashimi for dinner.
many people enjoy the taste of tuna for breakfast.
where can you find barbecue in your local area?
beef is a great option for a healthy snack.
have you ever tried shredded beef?
many people enjoy the taste of steak.
many people enjoy eating veal for breakfast.
many people enjoy eating chicken for breakfast.
everything tastes better with a little bit of duck.
have you ever tasted egg?
scrambled eggs are a great option for a healthy snack.
goat is a popular choice for many people.
i usually eat hamburgers for lunch.
everything tastes better with a little bit of hot dogs.
kebabs are a great option for a healthy snack.
consider adding lamb to your next meal.
the best way to cook meatball is to grill it.
most of the time, i eat mixed grill for breakfast.
many people enjoy the taste of pork.
many people enjoy the taste of bacon.
where can you find ham dishes in your local area?
everything tastes better with a little bit of ham.
most of the time, i eat sausages for breakfast.
everything tastes better with a little bit of beans.
blood is a popular choice for many people.
everything tastes better with a little bit of cheese.
many people enjoy the taste of cream.
fish and seafood are a delicious choice for any meal.
i usually eat vegetables for lunch.
Eating cakes is a great way to stay healthy.
One of the most popular dishes is candies.
Chocolate bars can be used in a variety of recipes.
Many people enjoy eating chocolate-covered for dinner.
Have you ever cooked with cookies?
Shortbread is a popular choice for many people.
Most of the time, I eat desserts for breakfast.
The best way to cook custard is to grill it.
One of the most popular dishes is doughnuts.
Consider adding pastries to your next meal.
Pies, tarts, and flans are a delicious choice for any meal.
Many people enjoy the taste of puddings.
Everything tastes better with a little bit of baozi.
The best way to cook breakfast is to grill it.
Consider adding drinks to your next meal.
The best way to cook brunch is to grill it.
Consider adding chifa to your next meal.
Have you ever tried Christmas?
Many people enjoy the taste of chutneys.
Have you ever tried coconut?
Everything tastes better with a little bit of coconut milk.
Coffee can be used in a variety of recipes.
Consider adding hors d'oeuvre to your next meal.
For a healthy option, consider adding tapas to your diet.
Made from maple can be used in a variety of dishes.
Mushroom can be used in a variety of recipes.
Pastries can be used in a variety of recipes.
Where can you find pies, tarts, and flans in your local area?
Have you ever tried porridges?
Relishes are a popular choice for many people.